4. Is My Data Set Sightable?
Yes. When you deposit your dataset in a trusted repository like FRDR or Borealis, it receives a digital object identifier, DOI.
This makes your dataset a sightable, stand-alone research output.
You can even cite the dataset in your article, especially if it's deposited before publication.
5. How can others use my dataset?
That depends on the license you choose.
We recommend the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0, CC by 4.0, license.
It allows broad reuse while requiring proper attribution.
6. Where can I share my data?
You can deposit your data in either specialized repositories, tailored to your discipline, or in generalist repositories like FRDR, which supports curated, large-scale, multidisciplinary datasets.
Or Borealis, based on the Dataverse platform, and hosted by Canadian University Libraries.
We'll take a closer look at both in the next slides.